elcome to the CJ Pony Parts Affiliate Program
Inbox

CJ Pony Parts <noreply@cj.com> Unsubscribe
Mon, Feb 9, 9:00 AM (5 days ago)
to me

Dear Ronald Andrews,

Welcome to the CJ Pony Parts Affiliate Program! We want to thank you for your interest in promoting our products and we look forward to a long and successful relationship.

A reminder about CJ Pony Parts:

Founded in 1984.5 by two friends with a shared passion for driving cool, classic Mustangs, CJ Pony Parts has always been driven by a love for automotive restoration and performance. For over 40 years, we've empowered automotive enthusiasts to build their dream vehicles by offering the highest quality aftermarket parts and accessories for Ford Mustangs, Broncos, Focus STs, and classic trucks like the Chevy C10 and Ford F-100.

Along with a huge selection of parts, we offer a variety of resources to help you achieve your build goals. We have thousands of how-tos, buying guides, spec articles, and install videos to help you complete your projects. Our dedicated crew of automotive experts and enthusiasts is always available with answers and guidance to help you transform your ride.

Program Highlights

3% Commission
30 day cookie window
Product feed available
Dedicated Affiliate Team

Search Policy:

We encourage affiliates to use generic keywords in their search engine optimization. However, affiliates may not use our trademark name, our domain name or misspellings or variations of these.

Contact Us: Feel free to reach out should you have questions: jlee13@cjponyparts.com

Learn How To Create Your Affiliate Links: CJ Affiliate Tutorial Help Center

How to Find Your Affiliate Link

1. Log in to your creator dashboard.

2. In the top navigation, click Campaigns.

3. Click Links & Products.

4. Browse the options and click the link you want to promote.

5. Click Get Code.

6. On the right side, find the text box labeled Click URL.

7. Copy the URL shown there — that’s your unique tracking link.

8. Paste your link wherever you promote: your bio, Stories, posts, video descriptions, etc.

9. You’ll earn commission on any purchases made through that link.