ndrews (2752166)
Ronald Andrews / Ronald Andrews / Advertiser Directory / PANDA GOGO LIMITED
Your profile is incomplete, you can complete it here. A complete profile ensures you appear in the Publisher Directory.
You haven't yet created any Opportunities in the Opportunity Marketplace. Don't miss out on the high number of Advertiser offers being made daily -- Get started and create your opportunity here
PANDA GOGO LIMITED
PANDA GOGO LIMITED
(Joined)
ID | 51067

Leave Programme

Commission Rates

My Creative

Send an Email

Subscription Preferences

 
Summary
CARLUEX is a growing provider of innovative automotive accessories. Our mission is to enhance the driving experience by offering cutting-edge technology that seamlessly integrates with the user's vehicle. With a focus on quality, performance, an
Link status
Online 
Payments
Payment Status 
Includes programmes offering accelerated payments. Approved commissions will be paid to publishers directly with their next payment.

Average Payment Time 
53 days

Launch Date
30/07/2025

Date Joined
27 Feb 2026

Attribution Period (Cookie Length)
30 Days

Auto Validation Period
30 days

Mobile Optimised
 No
App Tracking
 No
My Product Feeds
Total Products
12

Last Updated
23/07/2025

Performance
My pending commissions for PANDA GOGO LIMITED
0.00

My monthly confirmed commissions for PANDA GOGO LIMITED
0.00

 
Links
Blog URL
Website
 
Contact
Dom CARLUEX
418 Broadway Ste R
Albany
NY
12207-2922
US

Telephone: +12133012742

Email: marketing@carluex.com

OverviewDocumentsTermsPerformance
PANDA GOGO LIMITED Affiliate Programme
CARLUEX is a growing provider of innovative automotive accessories. Our mission is to enhance the driving experience by offering cutting-edge technology that seamlessly integrates with the user's vehicle. With a focus on quality, performance, and user-friendly design, CARLUEX products are engineered to deliver exceptional functionality and convenience. Stream YouTube, Netflix, and Hulu directly on your display screen. Enjoy wireless freedom with integrated Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. Voice commands and steering wheel controls are included Whether it's their advanced infotainment systems or smart connectivity solutions, they strive to exceed customer expectations and redefine the way users interact with their car. Experience the future of automotive technology with CARLUEX.

Our affiliate program is professionally managed by SocialLynx. See key program details below:
Free SAMPLES are also available - just let us know
Up to 10% Commission Rate
For every order you can earn $35 
Exclusive discounts are different from the official website
Worldwide Free Shipping 
30 Days Cookie Duration

We are always eager to hear from our community. Feel free to reach out to us at any time at carluex@thesociallynx.com, and one of our owners will be delighted to assist you.

Regions
 United States of America